That person was you three years ago.
Yangyang, no, please let me explain.
Please let me explain, Yangyang. Explanation.
You've already eaten all this, haven't you?
I said you were not good to me from the beginning. OK this is
Really far away
I still tell my truth
Just a little more
Reality has gone too far
You answer my dear question now
I can still do my business
Now you want to deceive my sincerity again
This is why you have money
The means for people to earn money is not
It's not the same as I thought
Let’s leave and break up for real
How can we do anything with this existence?
Come back and explain to you Chen Ying
your look
Is it the time between life and death?
I just told you
you don't deserve him
you in his eyes
Just a plaything